Add KRUSTY 15 Cents Reactivity Insertion Model (#478)
idaholab/virtual_test_bed: doc/content/microreactors/KRUSTY/Griffin-BISON_Multiphysics_15C_Reactivity_Insertion_Test.md

## Griffin-BISON Multiphysics Model

> The multiphysics model to simulate the 15 Ȼ run is very similar to the one in the [previous VTB model for steady state calculations](/Griffin-BISON_Multiphysics_Steady_State_Model.md). Specifically, it employs a two-level MOOSE MultiApps hierarchy that tightly couples the Griffin neutronics model with the BISON thermos-mechanical model to simulate the transient. The DFEM-SN(2,3) solver with CMFD acceleration in Griffin was used to solve for fission power, and anisotropic scattering was modeled with NA=3. The calculated nuclear heat was transferred to BISON, where it was used to solve for core temperatures and displacement fields resulting from thermal expansions. These temperature and displacement fields were then transferred back to Griffin to update its cross sections and, consequently, the fission power. The coupling of Griffin and BISON was achieved through Picard iterations. To save on computational time and resources, only ¼ of the KRUSTY core was modeled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multiphysics model to simulate the 15 Ȼ run is very similar to the one in the [previous VTB model for steady state calculations](/Griffin-BISON_Multiphysics_Steady_State_Model.md). Specifically, it employs a two-level MOOSE MultiApps hierarchy that tightly couples the Griffin neutronics model with the BISON thermo-mechanical model to simulate the transient. The DFEM-SN(2,3) solver with CMFD acceleration in Griffin was used to solve for fission power, and anisotropic scattering was modeled with NA=3. The calculated nuclear heat was transferred to BISON, where it was used to solve for core temperatures and displacement fields resulting from thermal expansions. These temperature and displacement fields were then transferred back to Griffin to update its cross sections and, consequently, the fission power. The coupling of Griffin and BISON was achieved through Picard iterations. To save on computational time and resources, only ¼ of the KRUSTY core was modeled.
```

!media media/KRUSTY/reactivity_insertion.png
      style=display: block;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;width:60%;
      id=reactivity_insert
      caption= Displacement field caused by lifting the radial reflector to insert the 15 Ȼ reactivity

> The upward movement of the radial reflector was modeled in BISON by applying a Dirichlet boundary condition to the bottom surface of the solid assembly. BISON calculated the displacement field by solving tensor mechanics equations. The BISON inputs used to generate the displacement are included   in Appendix A. Figure 1 presents the calculated displacement field which is identical to Figure 2 in [previous VTB results](/Neutronic_Multiphysics_Steady_State_Results.md). To make more efficient use of computer resources (by enabling more cores to be utilized per node), the KRTUSTY mesh has been pre-split into chunks and was distributed for parallel computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upward movement of the radial reflector was modeled in BISON by applying a Dirichlet boundary condition to the bottom surface of the solid assembly. BISON calculated the displacement field by solving the solid mechanics equations. Figure 1 presents the calculated displacement field which is identical to Figure 2 in [previous VTB results](/Neutronic_Multiphysics_Steady_State_Results.md). To make more efficient use of computer resources (by enabling more cores to be utilized per node), the KRUSTY mesh has been pre-split into chunks and was distributed for parallel computation.
```
